hey there fit fam the Cookie Monster
here with Morelli fit calm happy
Halloween
from me to you so a little a quick
little story I thought I'd have a little
fun with this I'm gonna be giving you
some high level a carb cycling
information believe it or not I know it
sounds catchy and funny but I'm gonna
give you some things that you can
implement so you so you don't gain fat
around the holidays but really quickly
so I thought I'd use this costume I
bring it in it's Halloween I love
Halloween I tell you I never loved
Halloween so much until I had my kids
and so I got this costume because the
Cookie Monster is my daughter's absolute
favorite character on the planet so her
birthday was in October and I surprised
her in this costume for her birthday oh
my gosh unbelievable one of the best
days of my life just to interact with
her and to see her it was just amazing
so I might put some clips up at some
point of my Deut my youtube channel so
you could see that but in any event
let's get to what I have planned for
today I'm gonna show you how to create a
mini carb cycle a three-day mini carb
cycle around your holidays so you don't
store body fat all right you're gonna be
able to eat candy cookies cupcakes carbs
whatever you want but you have to follow
this mini cycle and it's exactly what
I'm what I'm planning on doing myself so
let's talk about it so this is how to
alright how to carb cycle with candy all
right
mini cycle three days all right so
Halloween is on Friday we need a day on
each side so tomorrow would be day one
Halloween is day two the middle day and
then we have day three which is which is
the day after so three car three days
and what I want you to do is I want you
to going into the holiday so tomorrow I
want you to cut your carbs all right I
want that if you're not on a cycle you
can still use this if you are on a cycle
like I am tomorrow's actually my cheat
day I'm moving it to Friday
all right so tomorrow is
to be a low-carb day alright so Thursday
low carbs now what does low carbs mean
alright because you're cycling if you if
you've been watching me you know a carb
cycle is a combination of cycling low
carb high carb and no carb now when I
refer to no carb alright people get that
people get this mixed up like how can
you do no carbs vegetables and our carbs
yes
so no active carbs no roots no tubers no
starches vegetables are still are still
considered ok on those no carb days
alright so low carbs on for tomorrow and
I want you to get them done in the in
EAM time or earlier on in the day all
right
low carbs could mean something different
for everybody alright I'm gonna give you
a rule of thumb alright but it's based
on training it's based on body weight
it's based on a couple of different
things now what I want you to do
tomorrow as I want you to take your body
weight and I want you to cut it in half
that's how many grams of carbs I want
you to eat so half half a gram of carb
carbs per lb of body weight this is
considered low carb now you could do a
little bit less than that you could do
but but certainly at the at the most
this is where I want you to stay alright
if you've got some crazy training
planned you're probably gonna need to at
least do this but again don't do more
than this alright so that's low carbs
eat them in the a.m. make sure that in
the p.m. there are no more carbs your
carbs are done alright trust me on this
cuz then tomorrow I'm sorry on Friday
which is Halloween alright
you have starved your body of carbs
alright it's gonna be looking and asking
for carbs and it's gonna it's going to
essentially suck them up okay so what I
want you to do on Friday is I want you
to cheat alright and I don't want you to
feel bad about it now cheating looks
different for everybody right some of
you may eat cookies and candies
literally from the time you wake up to
the time you sleep and now I'm
personally not gonna do that
alright I'm going to cheat I'm going to
have cookies and candy and cupcakes and
carbs but I'm also gonna build in some
good meals in there just because it's
just a way that I live it's it's part of
me a sense
but if you are one of those people that
is just gonna eat chips and cookies and
just go crazy you're still gonna be
better off if you've started with your
low carbs and you've cut them into the
p.m. and so your body is start you
should basically starved your body the
carbs which is part of the start of the
carb cycle now the key is on Saturday
all right no carbs completely no carbs
I'm not even talking about your quest
bar which if you've asked me is it okay
to eat a quest bar on your on your no
carb days typically I have one so on my
carb days I have to quest for on my no
carb days I have one so on this day
after eating like this
even more so than you normally would on
a cheat day because of all the cookies
and candy and all the crazy stuff that's
going on no carbs on Saturday this is if
you do this and you don't do this you've
got problems all right if you cheat and
you completely starve your body of carbs
the following day I'm telling you you're
gonna be you're gonna you're gonna get
to Sunday and you're gonna be totally
fine you're gonna be like oh wow this is
what it's all about this is what the
carb cycle is all about so this is
essentially a mini carb cycle now a
couple of things that I need to mention
when you're doing low carbs or no carbs
what happens your body needs energy
needs that to get energy from somewhere
you're gonna feel a little sluggish I I
killed I'm a coffee drinker alright so I
sometimes don't notice the effects of no
carbs as much as somebody else would who
doesn't have caffeine what you need to
do is you need to make sure that you're
increasing your fats a little bit
alright so on low carbon no carb days
you increase your fats a little bit 25
to 50 grams maximum because if you do
more than that then it's it basically it
hurts this process because your body
doesn't go into the fat stores and start
and burn them because it still has to
burn the fat that you ate okay so that's
really really important to understand
the spectrum of where you want to go so
low carb is here this is where I want
you to be tomorrow then she like cheat
like you've never cheated before happy
Halloween I'm in this fricking costume
having an awesome time here and and so
cheat like crazy and then starve
yourself of carbs on Saturday
I promise you once you get to Sunday and
then back to Monday boom it'll be like
you'd be like you didn't even cheat I
promise you that
so listen with that I hope you found
this information useful I hope you found
this costume funny I'm actually even in
the feet so it's even harder to walk
down here but listen you show me that
you like this content by hitting the
thumbs up for me I see that I see that
often I look at that and that's a gauge
on whether or not to continue posting
stuff on the carb cycle you know that
I've got a an amazing carb cycle book
coming out it's carb cycle max listen I
haven't left nothing out of it it's
gonna tell you how to cycle why the
cycle it's gonna talk about the effects
of your body it's gonna talk about myths
it's going to give you three different
carb cycles to choose from a beginner
and or intermediate and advance a meal
plan or recipe guide I mean it's gonna
have everything and I'm hoping alright
I'm hoping if all goes well that I'll be
launching it at the end of next week
so with that listen we're all in this
together right even the Cookie Monster
be patient stay the course and let's get
fit together take care and happy
Halloween
you